Documentation update for layer-tap in docs/docs/behaviors/layers.md (#1951)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/behaviors/layers.md

&lt LOWER SPACE
```

### Configuration

> You can configure a different tapping term in your keymap or others options from the [hold-tap](hold-tap.md#advanced-configuration) documentation page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure a different tapping term or tweak other properties noted in the [hold-tap](hold-tap.md#advanced-configuration) documentation page in your keymap:
```

Author: Yes this sounds better indeed
